Updated the formatting for RPC endpoint and GraphQL playground (#33)
FuelLabs/fuel-graphql-docs: docs/overview.mdx

## RPC Endpoint

> This is the RPC endpoint you can use in your applications to query on chain data  : `https://testnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the RPC endpoint you can use in your applications to interact with the Fuel blockchain, whether it's retrieving on-chain data or sending transactions: 

`https://testnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql`.

> Note that this is the same endpoint used in the playground above.
```

Reviewer: The graphql endpoint doesnt only query but you can also post

Author: Makes sense
